The Dashboard Page:

Navigation bar: Home, About, Contact
    1. About Me
    2. Projects
    3. Resume
    4. GitHub
    5. Photographs

1. About Me:

    Hey Visitor!

    I am Ravikiran Jois. If you've come this far along, you'd know this already :)

    I am a Student. A Programmer. An aspiring Data Scientist. I am currently pursuing the Master of Science in Computer Science at Rochester Institute of Technology with a major focus on Data Analytics and Machine Learning.

    I am from a beautiful town called Thirthahalli in the Western Ghats of Karnataka, India. I am a passionate agriculturist, owing my roots to an agricultural family. In my estate, we grow Betelnut or Arecanut. We also grow many spices like Cardamom, Cloves, Cashew nuts, Silver Oak and many more.

    Completing the Bachelor of Engineering in Bengaluru, Karnataka, I started working in Bengaluru at Cognizant Technology Solutions. I even worked at Hyderabad, India on a couple of projects for a span of 10-11 months.

    This blog began as an exercise in improving my Django skills. A friend gave me a great advice to improve the skill as it is a highly sought after one. I love coding in Python and apart from my interests in Data Science, I am extremely eager to learn more about the web and develop significant skills in the topic.

    In my spare time, I watch a ton of films and listen to a bunch of music, both pertaining to every single genre on the planet (As much as possible :) ). I have a flair for Indian Classical Music and World Music as it defines a peaceful mind to me. I am also a big fan of cars and motorsports and I love reading and learning about them.

    Please take your time going through the projects that I have done. :)

    Thank you,
    Ravikiran Jois

    Please feel free to contact me via the following channels:

    Github: https://github.com/ravikiranjois1?tab=repositories
    LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ravikiran-jois
    E-mail: ravikiranjois@gmail.com or ry4287@rit.edu
    Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/ypravikiranjois
    Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ravikiran.jois


2. Projects

3. Resume

4. GitHub

5. Photographs
